wait
stone
that's not a bad effort for a boy and
train don't hold your breath at least
I'll still have breath deho you want to
play with me oh yes there she is
Schneider target six is approaching your
position you're officially assigned to
capture or destroy her now go understood
I have her in my sights
come into my parlor said the spider to
the fly
what's wrong is our game of
hide-and-seek over already I guess
there's no way around it since we can't
outrun a will have to fight nobody
morrow what's the matter aren't you
gonna attack that's fine this I'll do
the honors you fear
my problem
what have you accomplished by this o is
simple by hobble in your shadow you'll
be forced to improvise I promise it will
make the battle much more interesting
you promise huh very well you'll regret
that strategy you're sure about that
we'll just have to see who regrets what
how many of you shadow wielders are
there what did he do mobilize an entire
battalion we're the independent flying
squadron being commanded by general Loki
let's face it you're like my Scott in a
trap there's nowhere you can run I'll
buy a man I have been tracking you from
the very beginning
my orders were to run but it appears
that's not possible anymore new plan
Blue Dragon let's fight hmm hey what's
the matter huh Blue Dragon huh huh
general looky so this is the power that
defeated Gustav and even off let's see
how it does against me
general Loki rosin bag
not even Zola was able to defeat this
man
come on shoo what was your name I just
don't recall
drop the mind games you know who i am
i'm the one who will stop you and then
you won't forget my name will you you
may have been too much for me before but
I'm no longer afraid we'll see about
that yeah that's right bring it on very
well
the blue dragon power that solo is so
desperately seeking let's see how strong
it is shall we all right cold luxury as
you wish okay blue dragon don't get too
close that sort of hers is trouble quiet
don't tell me what I already know
yeah no wait stop acting so surprised
shoe we wouldn't have been caught off
guard like that if your head were in the
game now focus and let's do this hey
shut up
the Dragons right I need to focus if we
want to win this and we have to win
so the great soul was having a hard time
adjusting to our new battle technique I
guess she isn't so great after all is
this half-baked attack really the best
thing you could come up with
disappointing oh I'm mortified you'd say
that the chain duel is a respected
technique it levels the playing field so
the shadow will their skill is what
counts not just brute strength but if
you think you can't handle it
the carry-ons chain is the perfect blame
not too long not too short either so no
shadow is better suited to a chain do
your small mind won't understand this
but there's a beauty to decay Leon's
efficiency just like his chain his
technique squanders nothing he is
perfect
are you about done complimenting
yourself I'd rather do battle instead of
just talking about it what did you just
say I sent him sick of listening to you
now put up or shut up
ah
that's some power yar if it's not that
strong I can imagine the great fight
we'd have trading cool attacks all day
long and I bet that by the end of it
both of us would barely be able to stand
up it would be the battle of the century
no of the millennium you got that right
so how about this idea how about just
one shot without all this talking and
fuss old lady